Merge the playground pass, and unbury the chalk it left under the stone

Takes feat/playground's version of the ground re-datum, the bench seat test
and the chalk fix over the ones committed here in e4bdc10. Theirs is better
on every point we both touched: the heights live in WorldAffordances so
player.gd's locked_y can read WALK_PLANE_Y instead of a bare 0.0 that merely
happened to agree; the plaza edging course, the puddles and the stepping
stones were all re-datumed as offsets rather than left as absolutes; and the
bench test measures the built mesh's own AABB and checks the bench's feet are
on the walking plane, which a floating bench fails and the old assertion
passed.

THE CHALK, MEASURED RATHER THAN ARGUED. Three readings of the chalk ring were
in play, from three different pieces of arithmetic, and all three were wrong:
a 2 mm mark from tube-radius maths, a 9 cm hoop from reading TorusMesh's
scale as a fraction of unit height (true for a box, false for a torus), and
26 mm from a probe of mine that measured in _init() before the tree exists,
so global_transform was identity and the node's y-scale was never applied --
it would have printed 26 mm whatever the scene contained.

tools/_probe_chalk.gd now awaits process_frame, and prints the y-scale beside
the extent so a transform that never landed shows up as one. What it says:

  before  y +0.1288 .. +0.1312   2.34 mm thick   131 mm above the walking plane
  after   y -0.0062 .. -0.0058   0.31 mm thick   lying on the flagstones

A thin mark floating knee-high on a child, at the one spot the objective text
sends the player. The diagnosis in 15a1125 was right; only its dimensions
were not.

AND THE BUG THAT FOUND. The fainter ring and the two scuff marks kept their
original 0.01 and 0.02 offsets below the main one. Against flagstones now
7.5 mm under the walking plane that puts them at -16 mm and -26 mm: beneath
the stone, rendering nothing. It is the mistake the whole re-datum existed to
fix, one level further down -- centimetre offsets left inside a stack whose
entire step is 2.5 mm. Now 0.6 mm apart, which clears the stone and still
cannot z-fight at 0.31 mm thick.

Worth recording how it hid, because it is the session's recurring shape: the
fix WAS rendered and a white line WAS visible. The main ring survived because
its drop was derived from the same wrong thickness used to size it, so two
errors cancelled. The marks that vanished were the faint ones -- by design
the ones nobody misses. Checking the thing you just changed and not the
things beside it is true and insufficient at the same time.

142/142 green.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 (1M context) <noreply@anthropic.com>
Claude-Session: https://claude.ai/code/session_01F8EPk6V8c6avgDXxnWbHcd
